## My Response for Today's Lunch and Learn

The speaker for today's lunch and learn was Tommy Jones, who works for Q-Tel as well as owns his own company. Previously, some of the other speakers more on advice for us and our futures, but this time, Tommy discussed more of his own experiences with the field, so it was refreshing to hear about some new information. Starting out, he joined the Marines, but he was also employed by them. He worked on his own research a lot
and has continued to do so despite his schedule not having room for the Marines anymore. With Q-Tel and his company, his days can be a little more hectic dealing with employees, coworkers, and frequent meetings. He did have one suggestion for us, and that is to learn computer science and statistics. According to him, they are taking over the world and are actually the most important and significant topics to have experience in. They are already huge now, and will only continue to grow in the future as society becomes more and more focused on technology. I thought it was really interesting that he addressed the common fear of robots and machines eventually taking over and replacing humans and it was nice to hear his opinion on the topic. A major flaw in this fear is actually humans themselves. As a society, we are narcissistic and make things **for** ourselves, not to replace ourselves or others. Humans will always have value, as even if machines end up doing some of the heavy work for us, we still have to tell them what to do and we oversee their progress. Specific to data science, we feed the machine the data and tell it what to do and then we put the machine's output to use.   
***    
I figured I would share this since it is relevant to the point he was making:  


The other day I was watching a tour of a Tesla factory by Elon Musk and the interviewer asked about what the machines do in the factory and what the humans do. Musk's response was that the machines do all the heavy lifting and difficult work,
but without the humans, none of this would be possible. The machines are always being monitored, and humans are needed to assemble all the parts together once the machines' work is done. I thought that is answer tied in really well with Tommy's
viewpoint that he shared with us today.
